README.md, before:

l
=
[![Build
Status](https://travis-ci.org/pzel/l.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/pzel/l)

Implementing Haskell's [Data.List](http://hackage.haskell.org/package/base-4.6.0.1/docs/Data-List.html) in Erlang.

Current status
--------------

The following functions are implemented:

### Basic functions
        append/2
        head/1
        last/1
        tail/1
        init/1
        null/1
        length/1

### List transformations
        map/2
        reverse/1
        intersperse/2
        intercalate/2
        transpose/1
        subsequences/1
        permutations/1

### Reducing lists (folds)
        foldr/3
        foldr/2  (known as foldr1 in Data.List)
        foldl/3
        foldl/2  (known as foldl1 in Data.List)

### Special folds
        concat/1
        concat_map/2
        'and'/1
        'or'/1
        any/1
        all/2
        sum/1
        product/1
        maximum/1
        minimum/1

### Infinite lists
        replicate/2

### Sublists
#### Extracting sublists
        take/2
        drop/2
        split_at/2
        take_while/2
        drop_while/2
        drop_while_end/2
        span/2
        break/2
        strip_prefix/2
        group/1
        inits/1
        tails/1

### Predicates
        is_prefix_of/2
        is_suffix_of/2
        is_infix_of/2

### Searching lists
#### Searching by equality
        elem/2
        not_elem/2
        lookup/2

#### Searching with a predicate
        find/2
        filter/2
        partition/2

### Indexing lists
        index/2 (a.k.a '!!'/2)
        elem_index/2
        elem_indices/2
        find_index/2

### Special lists
#### "Set" operations
         delete/2

Project roadmap
---------------

###0.1 – All Data.List functions implemented

Functions dealing specifically with eager vs. lazy evaluation (i.e `foldl'` &
friends) will be omitted. Functions generating infinite lists (`iterate`,
`repeat`, `replicate` and `cycle`) will be dealt with case-by case: dropped
entirely or fitted with an extra parameter specifying the length of the desired
output.

At this stage, no calls to the `lists:` module will be made. The idea is to
bootstrap this library using only on its own functions.

Unit tests and [triq](https://github.com/krestenkrab/triq) properties are
written before the functions are actually implemented, but may be incomplete.

Code coverage doesn't drop below 100%.


###0.2 – All functions typed, documented, and exhaustively tested

At this stage, the module should be verfifed correct to a great
extent. The source will be annotated, and generated documentation available.


###0.3 – Optimization

This version will make the code more suitable for production by optimizing
computationally wasteful implementations. Calls to `lists:` functions may appear
at this point.

Commit message:

Add zip/2 and zip_with/3

README.md, after:

l
=
[![Build
Status](https://travis-ci.org/pzel/l.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/pzel/l)

Implementing Haskell's [Data.List](http://hackage.haskell.org/package/base-4.6.0.1/docs/Data-List.html) in Erlang.

Current status
--------------

The following functions are implemented:

### Basic functions
        append/2
        head/1
        last/1
        tail/1
        init/1
        null/1
        length/1

### List transformations
        map/2
        reverse/1
        intersperse/2
        intercalate/2
        transpose/1
        subsequences/1
        permutations/1

### Reducing lists (folds)
        foldr/3
        foldr/2  (known as foldr1 in Data.List)
        foldl/3
        foldl/2  (known as foldl1 in Data.List)

### Special folds
        concat/1
        concat_map/2
        'and'/1
        'or'/1
        any/1
        all/2
        sum/1
        product/1
        maximum/1
        minimum/1

### Infinite lists
        replicate/2

### Sublists
#### Extracting sublists
        take/2
        drop/2
        split_at/2
        take_while/2
        drop_while/2
        drop_while_end/2
        span/2
        break/2
        strip_prefix/2
        group/1
        inits/1
        tails/1

### Predicates
        is_prefix_of/2
        is_suffix_of/2
        is_infix_of/2

### Searching lists
#### Searching by equality
        elem/2
        not_elem/2
        lookup/2

#### Searching with a predicate
        find/2
        filter/2
        partition/2

### Indexing lists
        index/2 (a.k.a '!!'/2)
        elem_index/2
        elem_indices/2
        find_index/2
        find_indices/2

### Zipping and unzipping lists
        zip/2
        zip_with/3

### Special lists
#### "Set" operations
         delete/2

Project roadmap
---------------

###0.1 – All Data.List functions implemented

Functions dealing specifically with eager vs. lazy evaluation (i.e `foldl'` &
friends) will be omitted. Functions generating infinite lists (`iterate`,
`repeat`, `replicate` and `cycle`) will be dealt with case-by case: dropped
entirely or fitted with an extra parameter specifying the length of the desired
output.

At this stage, no calls to the `lists:` module will be made. The idea is to
bootstrap this library using only on its own functions.

Unit tests and [triq](https://github.com/krestenkrab/triq) properties are
written before the functions are actually implemented, but may be incomplete.

Code coverage doesn't drop below 100%.


###0.2 – All functions typed, documented, and exhaustively tested

At this stage, the module should be verfifed correct to a great
extent. The source will be annotated, and generated documentation available.


###0.3 – Optimization

This version will make the code more suitable for production by optimizing
computationally wasteful implementations. Calls to `lists:` functions may appear
at this point.
